feat/forking (#7)
kadena-io/hardhat-kadena-plugin: packages/hardhat-kadena/README.md

### Override Network Configurations

#### Override the config for all chains created for a chainweb

If you want to override any option, you can use networkOptions the custom network config

```ts
module.exports = {
  solidity: '0.8.20',
  chainweb: {
    hardhat: {
      chains: 2,

>       // the two created network uses this the following config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // the two created networks use this the following config
```
